[Hold] [DS 111] Mongodb source (#279)
Unstructured-IO/docs: snippets/general-shared-text/mongodb-platform.mdx

- **Name** (_required_): A unique name for this connector.
- **URI** (_required_): The MongoDB instance connection URI.
- **Database** (_required_): The name of the database on the instance.
- **Collection**: The name of the collection within the database.

> - **Batch size**: Aplies to source only - maximum number of docs per insertion (default 150)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Batch size**: The maximum number of documents per insertion. If this field is blank, the default is 150. Applies to the MongoDB source connector only.
```
